Update java.md (#8042)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/java.md

| `dd.jmxfetch.refresh-beans-period`     | `DD_JMXFETCH_REFRESH_BEANS_PERIOD`     | `600`                             | How often to refresh list of avalable JMX beans (in seconds).                                                                             |
| `dd.jmxfetch.statsd.host`              | `DD_JMXFETCH_STATSD_HOST`              | same as `agent.host`              | Statsd host to send JMX metrics to. If you are using Unix Domain Sockets, use an argument like 'unix://PATH_TO_UDS_SOCKET'. Example: `unix:///var/datadog-agent/dsd.socket`                                                                                                            |
| `dd.jmxfetch.statsd.port`              | `DD_JMXFETCH_STATSD_PORT`              | 8125                              | StatsD port to send JMX metrics to. If you are using Unix Domain Sockets, input 0.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `dd.integration.opentracing.enabled`              | `DD_INTEGRATION_OPENTRACING_ENABLED`              | true                              | By default the tracing client detects if a GlobalTracer is being loaded and dynamically registers a tracer into it. By turning this to false, this removes any tracer depedency to Opentracing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd.integration.opentracing.enabled`              | `DD_INTEGRATION_OPENTRACING_ENABLED`              | true                              | By default the tracing client detects if a GlobalTracer is being loaded and dynamically registers a tracer into it. By turning this to false, this removes any tracer dependency on OpenTracing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
